short
in an electric atmosphere with an arbitration discussing the magician degenerates
there is still a big minute to play back the blackhawks have dropped a first
for his country intentional bouygues
the spirits are heating up law is to separate the protagonists it takes everything
twisted
a general fight ensues
let's go back to this match that started so well
this vampire season 3 as well of the party
on the other side but this country responds with a three-point shot
the established unp of the balanced by bombing from a distance
the spirou is not overflowing they take a quarter time to their advantage
they manage to lead 15 29 to the 14th
before taking her little by little
the Antwerpers he does not loose evans and 1 min 30
even if ridiculous starts the recovery well
medjahed losc continue their momentum and the senses well exceeded
five of these groups are poorly treated under the ring
he may have better Antwerpers get the upper hand at 49
despite all the spurs we deserve not to give up on the image of
christine
author of a superb second half
and ten members of precise briefcases remotely
they come gradually by picking up the score and even 56 59 in the 35th minute
in turn the teams take more before things do
fester
lou will decide on a final city toss
memphis at the very end of the match
September final score of seven old
spirou but too much reserve requirement will allow until the moment
of the season what we can do there become cursed
the match could then come together business to follow